This is an overview of the Understand-Plan-Divide&Conquer problem-solving approach taught in The Odin Project. 

Understand: 
*Rewrite problem in plain English until you can easily explain it.

The user plays against the computer entirely inside the console. The user and computer each select one of three options: rock, paper or scissors. When they've both selected them, their choices are revealed. Either players wins or the round is tied based on the following criteria. Rock beats scissors. Scissors beat paper. paper beats rock. If both players select the same option, they are tied. Rounds repeat for a specific number until the winner is declared based on having a greater number of wins. 

Plan:
  UI:
    There is no UI, for now. That's an idea for a future improvement.
  Inputs:
    The player's input is received via the console. The bot randomly generates a choice based on the random function.
  Outputs:
    The result of the bot's choice, player's choice, round score and final score are outputted using the console.
  Steps:
    DECLARE variables playerScore, botScore, playerInput, botInput.
    CREATE function that receives bot's play choice.
    CREATE function that prompts player to input choice.
    CREATE function that decides who won the round.
  Pseudo-code:


Divide & Conquer:
  I'll start with declaring basic variables, because that's the easiest step.

##Feature/simpler-play-round-algorithm Plan:
Understand:
  The problem is that the current algorithm seems awfully repetitive. I think I can simplify it with a bunch of nested if loops. I'll hack around and find out.

Every possible combo:
[rock, rock], [rock, paper], [rock, scissors], [paper, rock], [paper, paper], [paper, scissors], [scissors, rock], [scissors, paper], [scissors, scissors].

Optimizations:
  1. Make equal results just return a tie. No need for custom commentary.

  2. Create function that checks winner.

  3. Create function that outputs round messages. Functions should have one purpose only. 

  4. Create endGame function that outputs messages.

Pseudo code:
  CREATE showWelcomeMessage function. 

  CREATE function that gets random computerChoice.
  
  CREATE function that gets user's input and converts to easier form. 

  CREATE function that returns winner of round based on user's choice and bot's choice. 

  CREATE function that shows winner of game. 

  CREATE play game function.
    Display welcome message. 
    LOOP for five rounds.
      GET user's input. 
      GET computer's input. 
      SHOW winner of round.
      INCREMENT game scores. 
      SHOW game scores. 
    SHOW winner.
    SHOW final scores. 
